---
sidebar_position: 5
---

# Yumpie’s foundation

Most ventures fail due to two key issues, according to industry experts: failure to build a large enough community and, for projects with large enough communities, failure to maintain community enthusiasm. Yumpie's solution is to create an ecosystem built on top of a social networking platform. A social media platform is the ideal tool for establishing, growing, and maintaining a project's community engagement. Yumpie can build a sustainable network and critical mass impact by connecting every bitcoin user in a single ecosystem, bringing new users into the ecosystem on a regular basis.

The concept of leveraging a social media platform gives rise to a linear and scalable business model in contrary to the concept of "Do Things that Don't Scale". Yumpie’s ecosystem is made up of several use cases. The utility of YUM and revenue generated by the ecosystem will increase at a cumulative proportion as the ecosystem grows. The greater the incentive and reward funnelled back to each YUM holder, the more money and utility the ecosystem can accumulate. The ecosystem does not have the scalability element to thrive in the bull run and maintain in the bear run without a social media element.

:::info
Integrating a social media platform increases the possibility for synergy across Yumpie's components.
:::

Here are some good example of how the platform might provide value in a cumulative sense:

1.	Users can use Yumpie to generate ideas, build projects and convert intellectual property into NFTs and tokens backed projects. 

2.	Yumpie features a showroom to find resources and showcase projects and collections.

3.	All users have access to DeFi options such as liquidity farming and cross-chain switching.

4.	The platform will allow users to advertise their material by allowing them to share it. This will enable potential project backers to become involved.
